1. For this exercise, instead of typing it up in the interpreter, open
your text editor, and create a new file called exercise_4_1.py.  In
that file, create a new variable containing a list of three or four
pizza toppings; the exact number isn't important.  Using a for loop,
print out the following sentence once for each item in the list: "I
like having XYZ on my pizza", where XYZ is your pizza topping.

Hint: A for loop looks like this:

for item in items:
    print(item)

To run a Python file, on the command line, type:

python3 exercise_4_1.py
- or -
python exercise_4_1.py

2. In a new file, use the range() function in a for loop to print out
the result of multiplying 5 times the numbers 1 through 10.

Hint: the range function takes either one, two or three arguments.  If
it's given one argument, that number is the number of elements that
will be returned.  If given two, the first number is the starting
number (inclusive) and the second is the stop number (exclusive).  If
given three arguments, the first two remain start and stop, and the
third is the step size.


3. In the Python interpreter, create a new list containing the months
of the year (short versions of the names are fine, like Jan, Feb, Mar).
Using slice notation, get the interpreter to return the list, ['Mar',
'Apr', 'May'].  What start and stop numbers are required to do this?


4. In the interpreter, create a new tuple with the strings 'a', 'b',
and 'c' in it.  Demonstrate accessing the zeroth element.  Try to
change the zeroth element to a 'z'.  What happens?  Try adding a new
value to the tuple using the .append() method, like you've done for
lists.  What happens?


5. In the interpreter, create a new list variable called mylist, which
contains the numbers 1, 2, and 3.  Create another variable called
otherlist, which is set to mylist (ie, "otherlist = mylist").  Use the
.append() method on otherlist to add the number 4 to the end of the
list.  Print out the contents of otherlist.  Print out the contents of
mylist.  What happened?  Use the id() function to see the identifiers
for mylist and otherlist.  Now, create a new variable called thirdlist,
but instead of setting it equal to mylist, set it equal to "mylist[:]",
and do the same .append() test to thirdlist.  What's different?  Run
id() on thirdlist and compare with the other two.


6. In a new file (exercise_4_6.py), create a new list that contains
five country names, spelled in all lower case.  Use a list comprehension
to create a new list, with all of the country names capitalized,
using the str.title() method.  Print out the list of capitalized
country names.
