1. In the interpreter, create a new dict with the keys 'name', and
'favorite food'.  For values, enter your answers.  Use the print()
function to print out the following strings, using the keys and values
from the dict to fill in the 'name'/'favorite food' section, and the
'XYZ' section:

Your name is XYZ
Your favorite food is XYZ

For extra credit (what's that?), use a for loop to print out the key
and value of each item using the pattern "Your {} is {}".


2. Using your dict from exercise 1, add a new key of 'favorite color',
set to your favorite color, using the same square bracket notation
you used for lists.  Update the 'favorite food' entry to be a different
food.  Print the whole dict using the print() function.


3. In a new file (exercise_6_3.py), create a new dict that contains
five city names as keys, and corresponding numbers as values, that are
their populations (please make up numbers, no need to look this up).
Write two different for loops that print out "The population of XYZ is
ABC" for each city: the first loop, just loop directly over the dict
(which will give you the keys), and look up the value inside the loop.
In the second, use the .items() method to give you the key and value at
the same time.


4. In a new file (exercise_6_4.py), create three dicts of pizza
instructions, each with a 'size' key, and a 'toppings' key.  Size value
should be one of 'small', 'medium', or 'large'.  Toppings value should
contain a list (either defined separately and assigned here, or defined
in place) of pizza toppings that's at least three items long.  Assign
these three dicts to a list.  Finally, make a for loop that prints out
the following for each pizza described in the list:

Make a {size} pizza with the following toppings: {toppings}

For extra credit, modify the toppings list so instead of printing out
"['onions', 'pepperoni']", it prints "onions, pepperoni".


5. In a new file (exercise_6_5.py), use the range() function and the **
exponent operator to create a dictionary comprehension of the squared
values of the numbers 1-10.  Make a for loop which prints out the
results like so:

1: 1
2: 4
3: 9
4: 16

...and so on.
